Graduate `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate and remove `StatefulSet` support (#8273)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/deploying/con-deploy-cluster-operator-watch-options.adoc

* `KafkaBridge` for the Kafka Bridge instance.
* `KafkaRebalance` for the Cruise Control optimization requests.

> When one of these resources is created in the Kubernetes cluster, the operator gets the cluster description from the resource and starts creating a new cluster for the resource by creating the necessary Kubernetes resources, such as Deployments, Pods, Services and ConfigMaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When one of these resources is created in the Kubernetes cluster, the operator gets the cluster description from the resource and starts creating a new cluster for the resource by creating the necessary Kubernetes resources, such as `Deployment`, `Pod`, `Service` and `ConfigMap` resources.
```
